# cleachtadh
A code kata registry

## Usage

The cleachtadh project has been split up into a _backend_ and a _frontend_.
The [backend](./backend/Readme.md) service has an HTTP RESTful API.
The [frontned](./frontend/README.md) hosts a web application.
For details on each check their Readme's.

## Development

### Brining up the cleachtadh Containers

The cleachtadh service and web app have been containerized.
You can start the cleachtadh service and web app on your docker host by:

* Navigate into the cleachtadh directory (the one with the docker-compose file): `cd cleachtadh`
* Then bring up the containers with the `bam up` command

If you have any issues regarding `bam` being an unknown command you can install it with: `npm install -g @vanderlaan/bam`.

You can view the logs generated by the cleachtadh service and web app with the `bam log` command.
If you want to just view the service logs then run the `bam log api` command and if you just want to view the web app logs then run the `bam log app` command.

### Style Guide

[The JavaScript Style Guide](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vanderlaan/eslint-config-vanderlaan) is used for this project so you must comply to that rule set. You can verify your changes are in compliance via the `npm run lint` command.

### Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome. To ensure your contributions are accepted please read and oblige by our [Contribution Guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) code of conduct.
